Add an initial roadmap (#1)
etcd-io/etcd-operator: docs/roadmap.md

# Roadmap

The list is based on the survey results and the discussion in wg-etcd-operator. It is not set in stone and may be adjusted as needed.

## v0.1.0
- Create a new etcd cluster, e.g 3 or 5 members cluster
  - Users should be able to set at least the etcd version and cluster size
- Understand health of a cluster
- Enabling TLS communication
  - Should also support certificate renewal

## v0.2.0
- Upgrade across patches or one minor version

> - Scale in and out, e.g 3 members to 5 members or vise versa

Reviewer: I think there is no value in supporting > 5 members, right?
```suggestion
- Scale in and out, 1 -> 3 -> 5 members and vise versa
```

Author: resolved & thx

> - Support customizing etcd flags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support customizing etcd options (via flags or env vars)
```

Author: This is just roadmap. `via flags or env vars` is design & implementation level decision.

But anyway updated per your suggestion. We can adjust the roadmap when needed in future.

## v0.3.0
- Create on-demand backup of a cluster
- Create periodic backup of a cluster
- Create a new cluster from a backup

## v0.4.0

> - Recover a single failed cluster member (still have quorum)

Reviewer: I would move this before backup/restore. That is a separate and longer topic.

Author: done.
